Add refresh shares with dealer functionality (#665)
ZcashFoundation/frost: book/src/tutorial/refreshing-shares.md

# Refreshing Shares using a Trusted Dealer

The diagram below shows the refresh share process. Dashed lines
represent data being sent through an [authenticated and confidential communication
channel](https://frost.zfnd.org/terminology.html#peer-to-peer-channel).

<!-- ![Diagram of Refreshing shares, illustrating what is explained in the text](refreshing.png) -->

The Trusted Dealer needs to first run `compute_refreshing_shares` where the new SecretShares are generated and then verified.
This is done with
[`KeyPackage::try_from()`](https://docs.rs/frost-core/latest/frost_core/frost/keys/struct.KeyPackage.html#method.try_from):

> `caluclate_zero_key` returns a new SecretShare and PublicKeyPackage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`compute_refreshing_shares` returns a new SecretShare and PublicKeyPackage
```
